master <-- packaging (#1)
RxnRover/plugin_chromtech_series_iii_pump: README.md

## Installation

1. Download the latest `.vip` installer from the [Releases page](https://github.com/RxnRover/plugin_chromtech_series_iii_pump/releases).  
2. Double-click the downloaded `.vip` file to install it with VIPM.

> 3. Ensure you have also installed the subsequent  [Drivers](https://github.com/RxnRover/driver_chromtech_series_iii/releases).  

Reviewer: The driver package should be installed first, otherwise the plugin package will not be able to install all of its dependencies.
```suggestion
1. Install the required [driver](https://github.com/RxnRover/driver_chromtech_series_iii/releases).
2. Download the latest `.vip` installer from the [Releases page](https://github.com/RxnRover/plugin_chromtech_series_iii_pump/releases).  
3. Double-click the downloaded `.vip` file to install it with VIPM.
```

### Manual Installation (optional)

Download this plugin by clicking the "Code" button in the top right of its 
GitHub repository and selecting "Download ZIP". Extract the ZIP file into your 
`<documents>/Plugins/Hardware/Pumps/` directory to finish installation. 

> Create the `ReactorComponents` subdirectory if it does not already exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `Hardware/Pumps` subdirectories if they do not already exist.
```
